README.md, before:

# Advent Of Code 2021

## Perfs

Aim is to keep the total under 1 second

```
All days		205		± 11 ms/op

Day01	part1		2,02		± 2,21 us/op
Day01	part2		2,34		± 4,16 us/op

Day02	part1		13,41		± 11,75 us/op
Day02	part2		14,25		± 0,75 us/op

Day03	part1		54,82		± 12,4 us/op
Day03	part2		89,94		± 23,98 us/op

Day04	part1		3 543		± 538 us/op
Day04	part2		13 434		± 8 532 us/op

Day05	part1		17 708		± 18 611 us/op
Day05	part2		49 950		± 13 837 us/op

Day06	part1		4,32		± 0,74 us/op
Day06	part2		16,41		± 1,87 us/op

Day07	part1		9 672		± 1 398 us/op
Day07	part1Median	6,42		± 1,24 us/op
Day07	part2		12 962		± 3 685 us/op

Day08	part1		67,75		± 10,05 us/op
Day08	part2		2 516		± 3 166 us/op

Day09	part1		46,15		± 8,35 us/op
Day09	part2		1 476,8		± 398,92 us/op

Day10	part1		59,93		± 18,04 us/op
Day10	part2		82,75		± 22,61 us/op

Day11	part1		1 232		± 70 us/op
Day11	part2		3 080		± 47 us/op

Day12	part1		2 605 		± 71 us/op
Day12	part2		82 496 		± 7 418 us/op

Day13	part1		15,54		± 0,62 us/op
Day13	part2		181,1		± 3,63 us/op
```

Commit message:

Update perf tests to autodetect the Days instead of explicitely naming them

README.md, after:

# Advent Of Code 2021

## Perfs

Aim is to keep the total under 1 second.

All perf tests results are performed on a 4790k@4.38GHz with 16Go of 3200MHz DDR3.

```
All days		205		± 11 ms/op

Day01	part1		2,02		± 2,21 us/op
Day01	part2		2,34		± 4,16 us/op

Day02	part1		13,41		± 11,75 us/op
Day02	part2		14,25		± 0,75 us/op

Day03	part1		54,82		± 12,4 us/op
Day03	part2		89,94		± 23,98 us/op

Day04	part1		3 543		± 538 us/op
Day04	part2		13 434		± 8 532 us/op

Day05	part1		17 708		± 18 611 us/op
Day05	part2		49 950		± 13 837 us/op

Day06	part1		4,32		± 0,74 us/op
Day06	part2		16,41		± 1,87 us/op

Day07	part1		9 672		± 1 398 us/op
Day07	part1Median	6,42		± 1,24 us/op
Day07	part2		12 962		± 3 685 us/op

Day08	part1		67,75		± 10,05 us/op
Day08	part2		2 516		± 3 166 us/op

Day09	part1		46,15		± 8,35 us/op
Day09	part2		1 476,8		± 398,92 us/op

Day10	part1		59,93		± 18,04 us/op
Day10	part2		82,75		± 22,61 us/op

Day11	part1		1 232		± 70 us/op
Day11	part2		3 080		± 47 us/op

Day12	part1		2 605 		± 71 us/op
Day12	part2		82 496 		± 7 418 us/op

Day13	part1		15,54		± 0,62 us/op
Day13	part2		181,1		± 3,63 us/op
```
